# CS250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Working as a developer, it is crucial to understand not just the "what" that is being created but also the "who" and most importantly the "why". There are multiple tactics that can be used to help break down these consumer needs and wants, but "user stories" are one of the best options. "User stories" directly take a feature or product and look at it starting from the consumer angle. By directly figuring out what the consumer is looking for and why, a developer is able to deliver a product that more closely alligns with the user's final product vision. The initial product vision and the user product vision may overlap but it is certain they will differ. Taking into consideration the user's needs at an early stage, allows the developer to accurately interpret and implement them. 
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach programs with a reminder to work very incrementally. For instance utilitzing a "backlog" of sorts for features or functions I would like to implement in my code, I am able to break down a large program into smaller approachable steps. Also, by working incrementally through my program I am more prepared to adapt if I realize a certain part of my code isn't working as I would like. Agile processes have an emphasis on being able to adapt, which is always crucial for any developer to be prepared for.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Communication. Regardliss of the role you are filling on the team, they all require a focus on communication. Everyone has different specialities, goals, and strategies, but by communicating through out the team at all times, the team is able as a unit to produce a final product that everyone is proud of. 
